# 叙事设计课程 · complete-if-game

> 来源：samsheffield/Narrative_Design
> 原始链接：https://github.com/samsheffield/Narrative_Design
> 分类：gameplay
> 标签：叙事方法论, 通用, 教程, 课程
> 游戏类型：叙事方法论

## 概述
MICA叙事设计课程材料：complete-if-game

## 正文
# Interactive Fiction Project Description
For this project, you will create a web-based game with Ink that uses both text and media* (either visuals or audio, or a combination both!) to explore a narrative. It can take 10-15 minutes to play _at most_. You may not work with another student for this project. 

*_You are also invited to explore a combination of web-based narrative and offline media as long as the media is downloadable via your itch.io page or self-generated by the player._

## Some General Advice on Finishing
- Don't over-complicate things!
- Make sure the through-line is covered and then add interesting choices/complications
- Can't figure something out? Replace it!
- Start as close to the end of your story as possible and work backwards.
- Don't obsess over making it "perfect".


## This Assignment
Expand your Ink game outline into a fully fleshed-out _prototype_. Your game should be playable start to finish, and contain no placeholder text or other media. You can either re-use your outline in Ink (please make a copy of it) or start with a fresh .ink file.

### Testing
Have at least one other person play your game to check for any spelling/grammar issues, technical issues which hamper their ability to complete the game, or general feedback on their experience playing it (does it connect in the ways you imagine?) 

If you struggle with spelling or grammar, you are responsible for reaching out to the [Writing Studio](https://www.mica.edu/student-resources/writing-studio/) for assistance. 

### Name your game
Things are getting real now! Come up with a name for your game and name the .ink file to include this name (see below).


### What to turn in next week

Upload the following to your online folder:
- The .ink project file
- The exported web folder

Name the ink file like this:

`yourname_name_of_game_beta.ink`

Please also submit the URL to your game's itch.io page to the Interactive Fiction(itch.io) assignment in Canvas.

## 策划参考价值
学术级叙事设计课程的教学材料。
